1.Given a list of words and another string 'Word'. find all string in list which have the same characters as string word.
2.Difference between stackOverflow and outOfMemory Exception
3.What is marker Interface
4.Is Respository in Spring data JPA is a marker interface
5.what are intermediate and terminal operations in java 8 and give example of both
6.How to write microservice from scratch in Spring boot
7.Getting a application context exception. what should I do?
8.@Primary vs @Qualifier
9.Frequency of each character in a given String.
10.Group by department by employee with max salary in each department
11.What is Stream API and how does it work?
12.Get the name of the employees who are living in hyderabad using stream api and with out stream API
13.@Property source
14.Oops Concept
15.Scope of bean
16.Singleton vs prototype
17.Consumer screen.


***** Sumit****
1.What is Stream API in Java 8
2.Intermediate operations in stream
3.Terminal operations in stream
4.What is funtional interface in Java
5.We have a list of employees. Group the employees by age using Streams.
6.I want to create a HashMap as the result with age as the key and count as the value.
7.What is immutable class in Java
8.What is the difference between set and list
9.What is the diffence between LinkedList and ArrayList in Java
10.What is the difference between == and equals()
11.How to run a function in separate thread and I want to return a result too in java
12.What is the difference between Future and CompletableFuture
13.How to use Non-blocking Operations in CompletableFuture
14.synchronized keyword in java
15.How to create REST API in spring boot
16.How to handle exceptions in Spring boot
17.Can we create two beans with same name in spring boot
18.What is @Conditional annoatation in spring boot
19.How to change the runtime parameters of a spring boot application without using application.yml file
20.What is the differnece between Transaction Propagation and Transaction Isolation
21.How to define one to many mapping in Hibernate
22.Unique ID generation in hibernate
23.How service discovery work and called in Java
24.How load balancer is implemented in Spring Boot applications
25.How to craete docker image using Maven
26.How to check for exception in Kibana console
27.Service identifier in Spring Boot
28.APIGateway vs Load Balancer
29.Project
30.How Request flow from Microservices
31. What is APIGatway



